Group 29
Emma Chen, Joshua Wang, Ashley Luty

For our project, because we were trying to build a plagiarism checker, we had to do a lot of self
studying on natural language processing and methods used to compare two documents against one
another.

We all enjoyed learning more about natural language processing. It was a topic that we didn't go to
in depth with in our lectures but was more interesting for us to learn about as we kept researching
for our project. 

During this project, we learned about the challenges of coordinating different parts of a program
with different people. We found that we not only had to write a guide for the project itself, but
also for each other, to guide our partners through our code so that they could effectively write
code that would work in tandem with it. We also found it challenging to write code when there isn't
a "correct answer" for it. For example, in class, we are expected to write code that will produce
a certain output and if that output isn't achieved, we know there must be something wrong with our
code. But for this project, we had to know for ourselves what we wanted the output to achieve and 
how it would achieve that output. It was challenging for us to have fill in our own gaps in knowledge
and take initiative in deciding what exactly did we want this project to do. It was also really difficult
for us to have to settle on our project. Our project doesn't work perfectly and has some obvious kinks in
it (especially regarding synonym similarity) and because of our lack of coding ability, in some cases, we
just had to settle with what we have.

We all found the Internet especially helpful for learning during this project. Because we were
building a plagiarism checker which requires more knowledge on natural language processing, we were
at a bit of a loss at the beginning of the project because we did not know what to do. But researching
online and posting questions to code forums helped us gain a clearer idea of how to build our project.